#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=htmx --output-file=requirements-django52.txt constraints.txt pyproject.toml requirements/django52.txt
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-htmx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cryptography==45.0.2
    # via
    #   -r constraints.txt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/django52.txt
    #   argus-server (pyproject.toml)
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django-filter==25.1
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django-htmx==1.23.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django-phonenumber-field[phonenumberslite]==8.1.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django-rest-knox==5.0.2
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   argus-server (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   drf-rw-serializers
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-rw-serializers==1.4.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
faker==37.3.0
    # via factory-boy
fontawesomefree==6.6.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via -r constraints.txt
phonenumberslite==9.0.5
    # via django-phonenumber-field
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r constraints.txt
    #   argus-server (pyproject.toml)
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via social-auth-core
python-dataporten-auth==2.0.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r constraints.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
social-auth-core==4.6.1
    # via
    #   argus-server (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-dataporten-auth
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dj-database-url
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via faker
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r constraints.txt
    #   requests
wheel==0.45.1
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via argus-server (pyproject.toml)
