Notifications are now also sent on bulk changes to incidents. Note that for
filters used for sending notifications, it will be necessary to control event
types to maintain the current expected amount of notifications sent. See NOTES.

NOTES:

If you want the full fire hose of notifications site-wide you need do nothing.

To maintain a lower amount of notifications it is necessary to alter the "Event
types" filter to care only about source-initiated changes to the incident
status.

Note: It might not lower the amount all the way back to the levels before
this bugfix, as it depends on whether any glue-services used the bulk API to
alter multiple incidents at once. Previously, notifications for those changes
would be suppressed.

The easiest and fastest way to get back to lower levels of notifications is by
changing the Django setting `ARGUS_FALLBACK_FILTER` to `{"event_types": ["STA",
"END"]}`. This affects all existing and future notification filters, and can be
overridden by end-users themselves.

End-users themselves can get back the old, low amount of notifications via the
frontend by creating a filter with "Event Types" set to both of:

* Incident start
* Incident end

… and adding that to their existing notification profiles. This will override
what's set in `ARGUS_FALLBACK_FILTER`.

A third option is adding a public filter "Source-initiated status changes" via
admin and use the admin to add that filter to all notification profiles that
doesn't explicitly set event types.

`ARGUS_FALLBACK_FILTER` will not affect what's shown on the dashboard or
filters used for planned maintenance.
